what's the last day of the first week of
groups Here I am joined by flame with
covers presented by mobile Enix flame
you were able to save North America's
chances for today after TSM lost earlier
you know what did you think about
gigabyte Marines because smithy said
gigabyte Marines is scarier than fnatic
because you don't know what gigabyte
Marines is going to do so were you
concerned or were you scared
hmm yes that's what that's why we don't
know you might gigabyte my sister Orochi
so we we cannot prepare for the match
we're so we we are operator reader but I
think anyway even if we get behind in
early game I think I thought we could
win so just I had the competence
organized damn what do you think of them
are they good or are they just strange
oh I think they're they're good because
and teachers smart on for example they
think our other teams are better than
them so they prepared their specialties
that's cheese yes that's good for them
and make fun big fun too a big phone for
yes expect spectators of League of
Legends yeah it is very fun to watch
them that is true now I know we saw TSM
lose today but you won and cloud 9 is
okay do you think all three and a group
teams can get out of groups or do you
think maybe only two or one I think
Testament the Testament also Pradesh
you're going to yes course and she 9
maybe canon go to because oh maybe she
SKT is a number one in their group
other thing is very similar and EDG got
Jared city now
so maybe thank you they can go now
how has immortals practice and scrims
been in China have you had good practice
since you got here and have you found
good teams and do you think you have
learned a lot mmm yes oh but we we
didn't to stay here we didn't to stay
here for long time when we when you had
gran puta campo we run the a lot of
things that was very big for us and
maybe this make us a better team no how
was it to be back in Korea was that nice
for you before worlds to relax or did it
not matter because it was boot camp did
not matter or at I played I like play
organist could play as many Korean team
or were were one of the best of all
teams and I play the quran sterling and
we just ate we just stayed our short
time in the airport
I got her enjoy afraid when a scream
yeah that was before me Paul I play it
so much it falls so I got some moving
boat oh all right my wrists and hands
got like painful yeah so I like I cannot
play too much now yeah so are you
does it still hurt today still reader
hearts but I didn't play game too much
or puppies today so I'm not okay well
against the fnatic was very painful
are you worried that if you can't play
for your wrists that it could hurt your
performance but I'm still very good and
it's all good back to Korea was it good
to have Korean food because I know what
players always want good food when they
travel for worlds yes that foods very
cool I like yes the food was very good
but I missed my motherís that's fair
that's very okay not counting your
mother's food
I've always forgotten to ask you this
what is better Korean barbecue Seoul or
Los Angeles she knows she needs to be
pussy's poster oh good okay okay both
are good is you said that our sole
translator was very concerned about what
you said there it was funny it was funny
now other than that how will you prepare
for next week we will prepare for loans
you or at and a list of rico second the
second inning guru and AP we win wrong
show vehicle first and then I'll bet
that's that is very good for us for
crore then week miracle son hi yes very
good very good that would be great is
there anything that you want to say to
the Immortals fans who are cheering you
on from all over the world
I'm very appreciate that I'm I'm very
grateful who cheered for us and please
keep cheering for us and I we were
really better than better and better
very good Hewitt's and I see you check
out there we go I like a very good
flavor thank you for everyone also you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things world's right here on my
youtube channel thanks so much for
watching that interview fun fact
our morals is actually sponsored by omen
by HP fantastic but they also hooked me
and my producer up with some cool gear
before world so that we can get you guys
even better coverage I also want to give
a shout out to mobile Enix who's my
cover sponsor for this whole event they
are all about helping you improve your
game by identifying your personal
strengths and weaknesses and league of
legends so you can get even better
please be sure to check them out over at
mobile XD slash Travis